Hello subscribers of my channel and
Maxim continues to enroll and new
video and today i will show you
lux let's them he is a little bit
I'll tell you this saith the physician having worked
and also known as an old friend
Optimus Prime he was with him all the war
and his team a very long time until activation
film team all that general he
turns already forgotten to which car but
very soon help such as a jeep and there
weapons are 2 1 well then let's start
transform general baggage
And so we do here so the trench appeared already
the first wheel and for not in another
the parties do also did stay
only legs do
I recognize the cap doing so unscrew
connect
I certainly did not remember the promise that
else you already
video and subscribe to the channel